Clarify that EXPORT doesn't require AOST (#16652)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.1/export.md

| [`TIMESTAMPTZ`](timestamp.html) | byte array | `STRING` <br>Note: exporting to microsecond precision. |
| [`ARRAY`](array.html) | Encoded as a repeated field; <br>each array value is encoded as per the preceding types. | `nil` |

## Exports and `AS OF SYSTEM TIME`

> It is not necessary to use an [`AS OF SYSTEM TIME`](as-of-system-time.html) clause in `EXPORT` statements, even though they are long-running queries. When the `EXPORT` statement is executed there is an implied `AS OF SYSTEM TIME`: the start of the statement's execution. The risk of [contention](performance-best-practices-overview.html#transaction-contention) is low because potentially conflicting transactions would need an effective `AS OF SYSTEM TIME` of the exact same time as the `EXPORT` statement's start time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`AS OF SYSTEM TIME`](as-of-system-time.html) clause is not required in `EXPORT` statements, even though they are long-running queries. When the `EXPORT` statement is executed. If it is omitted, `AS OF SYSTEM TIME` is implicitly set to the start of the statement's execution. The risk of [contention](performance-best-practices-overview.html#transaction-contention) is low because transactions would need to have exactly the same `AS OF SYSTEM TIME` value as the `EXPORT` statement's start time.
```

Author: Thanks, Matt. I'm going to incorporate your suggestion, but there's a stray fragment so it'll be a separate commit.
